oh hello there are you ready for some
football and everything else exciting
about this campus can't wait yeah yeah
me neither uh I know that most you don't
read your emails anymore these days so
we've put together this video to go over
a few things that might help out my name
is Bryce lake and I was one of you once
I've just happened to graduate here I
finally graduated yeah just a shade
under a decade to all right you know a
lot of people go to college for seven
years I know they're called doctors
first things first you're gonna have to
buy a pass because without a pass you're
not getting in here go to BYU tickets
calm and get that taken care of you have
two options
you can see here or right here whoa or
anywhere from up here the view is
breathtaking literally
or any one of these scenes
you
or if you need a reserved ticket just to
be sure your seat will be here you can
sit in any one of these now if you're
one of the eight thousand has previously
purchased your pass or just barely did
go ahead and read the dates and times
below to find out the locations where
you can pick your pass up it's that
important you won't get in there without
your pass isn't that right buddy enjoy
some sexy awesome music too
his face
now that you know where to pick up your
pass you're going to need it so you can
come in line up here the line this year
is going to start at gate eleven and
head that way towards the street the
reason why we're doing this is because
two hours and 20 minutes before kick-off
the football team will be dropped off up
there and make their way down the path
the Cougar walk is what we're calling it
it's our job to be here to pump these
guys up and show them our support
they're going to make their way into the
stadium here and we'll follow them in
right behind and get the place rocking
and rolling ready for game time look I
get it you're probably a little nervous
maybe apprehensive to this whole new
system and how it's all going to work we
want you to have the best game day
experience possible and it really
depends on you if you want to be here
and packed the place for the team cheer
them on as they enter the stadium do it
will make it a party if you can't get
here till right before game time not a
problem either we will be live tweeting
how full the stadium is getting every
couple of minutes so you know where your
next seat can be after all this is for
you as a fan now the most important
thing of this entire video September
seventh is our home opener against Texas
we've been waiting for this game for as
long as I can remember where blue go buy
your shirts get in here and deck out the
stadium kickoff is at five cougar walk
is at two forty come out and support
your team and let's get this place ready
to rock and roll and if you don't think
it's a good idea i'll just send you a
visitor or two to make sure you're here
go Cougs